For my project I wanted to make a game that would have an interactive mode and
a game mode. The interactive mode would allow the user to interact with the 
environment around him or her and then allow for different movements to 
show different animations. I used this doing the kinect. Depending on the user's
movements I would implement a certain animation on top of the user. So if the 
user would lift their hand as if they were to hold the umbrella I would implement
a feature that would put an umbrella in their hand and implement a rain backdrop.
I was able to have different animations through boolean flags that would 
be reset if the user's face overlapped with their face. 
For the game mode I implemented some of the animation backdrops behind a game.
For game1 I would have certain objects fall from the sky( like with the rain).
The user would then collect the objects to get a score. If the objects went off
the screen the score would be reduced. 
For Game Mode 2 I drew a broom in the left hand of the user and had an intersect
function with the person's right hand. The backdrop of the animation would depend
on the user's shoulder's movement. Essentially what the background is is a cropped
form of the original image, with the coordinates of the image depending on the 
person's shoulder movement. So if the user were to move their shoulder's up
then the image in the background would move up, resulting in a flying-esque effect.
The user would collect the objects flying from the right of the screen to the left 
with their right hand. 
For the silhouette of the person, I took the 26 different joints of the body and 
then for each pair of joints I drew a polygon and sometimes a circle. The polygon
would be the representation of the body form (ie a trapezoid for a person's forearm)
and then I would draw circles on certain joints to have a more realistic feel to it 
(ie for the shoulder i drew a circle because if i just drew trapezoids it would 
look really really fake). 
I then made a splash screen that would allow the user to go between the modes and 
made them able to go back to the splash screen through pressing certain keys.
Also I took frameworks from the pykinect workshop and across github in order to 
get more familiar with the running/documentation of pygame with python. 